Docs: Motoko docs revisions & restructure (#4494)
dfinity/motoko: doc/md/writing-motoko/modules-and-imports.md

---
sidebar_position: 16
---

> # Modules and imports

Reviewer: I wonder if we should actually be referring to base more consistently as a package (a collection of modules), not a library, or at least indicate that we use the terms library and package interchangeably.

## Overview

The design of Motoko strives to minimize built-in types and operations. Instead of built-in types, Motoko provides a base library of modules to handle many kinds of common operations and make the language feel complete. This base library is still evolving with modules that support core features, and the base library APIs are subject to change over time to varying degrees. You should note, in particular, that the size and number of modules and functions included in the base library is likely to increase dramatically. Updates to the base library modules might introduce breaking changes that require you to update your programs to remain compatible. Breaking changes are communicated through the [Motoko migration guides](../migration-guides/overview.md).

This section provides examples of different scenarios for using the `module` and `import` keywords.

## Importing from the base library

> You can find source code and documentation for Motoko base modules in the [motoko-base](https://github.com/dfinity/motoko-base) open source repository. There are instructions in the repository for generating a local copy of the current documentation for the Motoko base library.

Reviewer: Shouldn't we first point them the base library documentation on the portal (or here in doc/md/base)?

To import from the base library, use the `import` keyword followed by a local module name and a URL where the `import` declaration can find the module. For example:

``` motoko
import Debug "mo:base/Debug";
Debug.print("hello world");
```

This example illustrates how to import Motoko code—indicated by using the `mo:` prefix to identify the module as a Motoko module. The declaration does not include the `.mo` file type extension. Then, it uses the `base/` base library path and the module name `Debug`.

> You can also selectively import a subset of symbols from a module by resorting to the object pattern syntax:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also selectively import a subset of named values from a module by using the object pattern syntax:
```
